Connect Session Replay to your third party tools (#17889)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/guide/connect-session-replay-to-your-third-party-tools.md

---

> title: Connect Session Replay To Your Third Party Tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Connect Session Replay To Your Third-Party Tools
```

kind: guide
further_reading:
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about Session Replay'
---

## Overview

> Session Replay provides visual insights to complement user analytics data. If you are using third party tools for customer experience, website analytics, and so on, you can connect them to Session Replay. This guide walks through how to access the Session Replay URL for use in integrations, live from the browser where the session is taking place. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Session Replay provides visual insights to complement user analytics data. If you are using third-party tools for customer experience, website analytics, and more, you can connect them to Session Replay. This guide walks you through how to access the Session Replay URL to use in integrations, live from the browser where the session is taking place. 
```

## Use cases

> You may want to connect a third party tool with Session Replay for a more comprehensive view of user experience indicators like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to connect a third-party tool with Session Replay for a more comprehensive view of user experience indicators such as the following:
```

- Form survey results
- Customer experience tools
- Data analytics

> ## Get the session replay link

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Get the Session Replay link

```

> To fetch the URL for the current user session's recording use the following snippet, depending on the installation method you used to setup RUM:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fetch the URL for the current user session's recording, use the following snippet, depending on the installation method you used to set up RUM:
```

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "NPM" %}}

```javascript
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum';

datadogRum.init({
    ...,
    // optional, only needed if using a custom domain name
    subdomain: ''
    ...
});

const url = datadogRum.getSessionReplayUrl();
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "CDN async" %}}

```javascript
window.DD_RUM.onReady(function() {
    window.DD_RUM.init({
        ...,
        // optional, only needed if using a custom domain name
        subdomain: ''
        ...
    })
    const url = DD_RUM.getSessionReplayUrl();
})

```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "CDN sync" %}}

```javascript
window.DD_RUM &&
    window.DD_RUM.init({
        ...,
         // optional, only needed if using a custom domain name
        subdomain: ''
        ...
    });
const url = DD_RUM && DD_RUM.datadogRum.getSessionReplayUrl();
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{< /tabs >}}

> ## Send link to third party tool
> Once you retrieve the link via the above snippet, you have a few different ways to pass the data, depending on what option(s) your third party tool offers:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Send link to a third-party tool

Once you retrieve the link through the snippet above, you have a few different ways to pass the data, depending on what option(s) your third-party tool offers:
```

> - As a hidden form field
> - As a JSON field
> - Through a URL parameter
> - Directly in your integration of choice in JavaScript

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As a hidden form field.
- As a JSON field.
- Through a URL parameter.
- Directly in your integration of choice in JavaScript.
```

---
title: Connect Session Replay To Your Third-Party Tools
kind: guide
further_reading:
- link: '/real_user_monitoring/session_replay/'
  tag: 'Documentation'
  text: 'Learn about Session Replay'
---

## Overview

Session Replay provides visual insights to complement user analytics data. If you are using third-party tools for customer experience, website analytics, and more, you can connect them to Session Replay. This guide walks you through how to access the Session Replay URL to use in integrations, live from the browser where the session is taking place. 

## Use cases

You may want to connect a third-party tool with Session Replay for a more comprehensive view of user experience indicators such as the following:

- Form survey results
- Customer experience tools
- Data analytics

## Get the Session Replay link

To fetch the URL for the current user session's recording, use the following snippet, depending on the installation method you used to set up RUM:

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "NPM" %}}

```javascript
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum';

datadogRum.init({
    ...,
    // optional, only needed if using a custom domain name

>     subdomain: ''

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should add a paragraph explaining why the subdomain is needed, if as a customer you're accessing Datadog via your custom subdomain. This way the links you get from the function call are also customized.

Author: Hey @acorretti, thank you for the suggestion, which sounds very helpful. I will create a new PR with this suggestion and send it your way for review :)
